Your business has conducted an information audit to map data flows.
Your business has documented what personal data you hold, where it came from, who you share it with and what you do with it.
Your business has identified your lawful bases for processing and documented them.
Your business has reviewed how you ask for and record consent.
Your business has systems to record and manage ongoing consent.
If your business relies on consent to offer online services directly to children, you have systems in place to manage it.
If you may be required to process data to protect the vital interests of an individual, your business has clearly documented the circumstances where it will be relevant. Your business documents your justification for relying on this basis and informs individuals where necessary.
If you are relying on legitimate interests as the lawful basis for processing, your business has applied the three part test and can demonstrate you have fully considered and protected individual’s rights and interests.
Your business is currently registered with the Information Commissioner's Office.
Your business has provided privacy information to individuals.
If your business offers online services directly to children, you communicate privacy information in a way that a child will understand
Your business has a process to recognise and respond to individuals' requests to access their personal data.
Your business has processes to ensure that the personal data you hold remains accurate and up to date.
Your business has a process to securely dispose of personal data that is no longer required or where an individual has asked you to erase it.
Your business has procedures to respond to an individual’s request to restrict the processing of their personal data.
Your business has processes to allow individuals to move, copy or transfer their personal data from one IT environment to another in a safe and secure way, without hindrance to usability.
Your business has procedures to handle an individual’s objection to the processing of their personal data.
Your business has identified whether any of your processing operations constitute automated decision making and have procedures in place to deal with the requirements.
Your business has an appropriate data protection policy.
Your business monitors your own compliance with data protection policies and regularly reviews the effectiveness of data handling and security controls.
Your business provides data protection awareness training for all staff.
Your business has a written contract with any processors you use.
Your business manages information risks in a structured way so that management understands the business impact of personal data related risks and manages them effectively.
Your business has implemented appropriate technical and organisational measures to integrate data protection into your processing activities.
Your business understands when you must conduct a DPIA and has processes in place to action this.
Your business has a DPIA framework which links to your existing risk management and project management processes.
Your business has nominated a data protection lead or Data Protection Officer (DPO).
Decision makers and key people in your business demonstrate support for data protection legislation and promote a positive culture of data protection compliance across the business.
Your business has an information security policy supported by appropriate security measures.
Your business has effective processes to identify, report, manage and resolve any personal data breaches.
Your business ensures an adequate level of protection for any personal data processed by others on your behalf that is transferred outside the European Economic Area.




