Does your software ask and record for consent ?
Does the consent inform the inviduals about the processing objectives ?
Have you performed any audit to map data flows ? 
Does your application provide any information regarding the individual’s rights ?
The data being collected is sufficient to fulfill the consent purposes
Is your application only holding the data being used ?
Is it possible to demonstrate your data minimization practices ?
Is it possible to justify the time frame for the retained data ?
Does your application automatically deletes the data after the time frame expires ?
Does your application provides a way, so the individual can erease his data (right to erasure) ?
Does your software record a users consent choices ?
Is personal data being collected for the specified, explicit and legitimate purpose ?
Do the individuals have accessto the purpose details ? 
Do you regularly update your purpose based on the changes made for the processing ?
Do you ask for new consent if the purpose changes ? 
Do you regularly review the data stored ?
Can you still achieve your purpose, if the data collected is reduced ?
Does you application provide mechanisms to keep data updated ?
Do you inform individuals about their right of rectification ?
Are you aware of your right to refuse requests for rectifications ? 
Do you comply with the limit of one month to answer requests to update data (right of access) ?
Does your application erase incorrect data ?
Are you aware that you can keep data for longer then needed if you are only keeping it for public interest archiving, scientific or historical 
Do you have any mechanisms to anonymize data ?
Are you aware that the security of personal data is the date controller’s responsibility ?
Do you apply techniques to protect against unlawful and unauthorised processing ?
Do you have any measures regarding any data leak ?
Do you have any mechanisms to pseudonymize data ? 
Does your application use encryption ?
Can you demonstrate compliance with the points answered before ? 
Do you clear data, when it is no longer needed ?
